.agent/workflows/ui-ux-pro-max.md, before:

# ui-ux-pro-max

Comprehensive design guide for web and mobile applications. Contains 50+ styles, 97 color palettes, 57 font pairings, 99 UX guidelines, and 25 chart types across 9 technology stacks. Searchable database with priority-based recommendations.

## Prerequisites

Check if Python is installed:

```bash
python3 --version || python --version
```

If Python is not installed, install it based on user's OS:

**macOS:**

```bash
brew install python3
```

**Ubuntu/Debian:**

```bash
sudo apt update && sudo apt install python3
```

**Windows:**

```powershell
winget install Python.Python.3.12
```

---

## How to Use This Workflow

When user requests UI/UX work (design, build, create, implement, review, fix, improve), follow this workflow:

### Step 1: Analyze User Requirements

Extract key information from user request:

- **Product type**: SaaS, e-commerce, portfolio, dashboard, landing page, etc.
- **Style keywords**: minimal, playful, professional, elegant, dark mode, etc.
- **Industry**: healthcare, fintech, gaming, education, etc.
- **Stack**: React, Vue, Next.js, or default to `html-tailwind`

### Step 2: Generate Design System (REQUIRED)

**Always start with `--design-system`** to get comprehensive recommendations with reasoning:

```bash
python3 .shared/ui-ux-pro-max/scripts/search.py "<product_type> <industry> <keywords>" --design-system [-p "Project Name"]
```

This command:

1. Searches 5 domains in parallel (product, style, color, landing, typography)
2. Applies reasoning rules from `ui-reasoning.csv` to select best matches
3. Returns complete design system: pattern, style, colors, typography, effects
4. Includes anti-patterns to avoid

**Example:**

```bash
python3 .shared/ui-ux-pro-max/scripts/search.py "beauty spa wellness service" --design-system -p "Serenity Spa"
```

### Step 2b: Persist Design System (Master + Overrides Pattern)

To save the design system for hierarchical retrieval across sessions, add `--persist`:

```bash
python3 .shared/ui-ux-pro-max/scripts/search.py "<query>" --design-system --persist -p "Project Name"
```

This creates:

- `design-system/MASTER.md` — Global Source of Truth with all design rules
- `design-system/pages/` — Folder for page-specific overrides

**With page-specific override:**

```bash
python3 .shared/ui-ux-pro-max/scripts/search.py "<query>" --design-system --persist -p "Project Name" --page "dashboard"
```

This also creates:

- `design-system/pages/dashboard.md` — Page-specific deviations from Master

**How hierarchical retrieval works:**

1. When building a specific page (e.g., "Checkout"), first check `design-system/pages/checkout.md`
2. If the page file exists, its rules **override** the Master file
3. If not, use `design-system/MASTER.md` exclusively

### Step 3: Supplement with Detailed Searches (as needed)

After getting the design system, use domain searches to get additional details:

```bash
python3 .shared/ui-ux-pro-max/scripts/search.py "<keyword>" --domain <domain> [-n <max_results>]
```

**When to use detailed searches:**

| Need                  | Domain       | Example                                 |
| --------------------- | ------------ | --------------------------------------- |
| More style options    | `style`      | `--domain style "glassmorphism dark"`   |
| Chart recommendations | `chart`      | `--domain chart "real-time dashboard"`  |
| UX best practices     | `ux`         | `--domain ux "animation accessibility"` |
| Alternative fonts     | `typography` | `--domain typography "elegant luxury"`  |
| Landing structure     | `landing`    | `--domain landing "hero social-proof"`  |

### Step 4: Stack Guidelines (Default: html-tailwind)

Get implementation-specific best practices. If user doesn't specify a stack, **default to `html-tailwind`**.

```bash
python3 .shared/ui-ux-pro-max/scripts/search.py "<keyword>" --stack html-tailwind
```

Available stacks: `html-tailwind`, `react`, `nextjs`, `vue`, `svelte`, `swiftui`, `react-native`, `flutter`, `shadcn`, `jetpack-compose`
, `jetpack-compose`

---

## Search Reference

### Available Domains

| Domain       | Use For                              | Example Keywords                                         |
| ------------ | ------------------------------------ | -------------------------------------------------------- |
| `product`    | Product type recommendations         | SaaS, e-commerce, portfolio, healthcare, beauty, service |
| `style`      | UI styles, colors, effects           | glassmorphism, minimalism, dark mode, brutalism          |
| `typography` | Font pairings, Google Fonts          | elegant, playful, professional, modern                   |
| `color`      | Color palettes by product type       | saas, ecommerce, healthcare, beauty, fintech, service    |
| `landing`    | Page structure, CTA strategies       | hero, hero-centric, testimonial, pricing, social-proof   |
| `chart`      | Chart types, library recommendations | trend, comparison, timeline, funnel, pie                 |
| `ux`         | Best practices, anti-patterns        | animation, accessibility, z-index, loading               |
| `react`      | React/Next.js performance            | waterfall, bundle, suspense, memo, rerender, cache       |
| `web`        | Web interface guidelines             | aria, focus, keyboard, semantic, virtualize              |
| `prompt`     | AI prompts, CSS keywords             | (style name)                                             |

### Available Stacks

| Stack             | Focus                                                 |
| ----------------- | ----------------------------------------------------- |
| `html-tailwind`   | Tailwind utilities, responsive, a11y (DEFAULT)        |
| `react`           | State, hooks, performance, patterns                   |
| `nextjs`          | SSR, routing, images, API routes                      |
| `vue`             | Composition API, Pinia, Vue Router                    |
| `svelte`          | Runes, stores, SvelteKit                              |
| `swiftui`         | Views, State, Navigation, Animation                   |
| `react-native`    | Components, Navigation, Lists                         |
| `flutter`         | Widgets, State, Layout, Theming                       |
| `shadcn`          | shadcn/ui components, theming, forms, patterns        |
| `jetpack-compose` | Composables, Modifiers, State Hoisting, Recomposition |

---

## Example Workflow

**User request:** "Làm landing page cho dịch vụ chăm sóc da chuyên nghiệp"

### Step 1: Analyze Requirements

- Product type: Beauty/Spa service
- Style keywords: elegant, professional, soft
- Industry: Beauty/Wellness
- Stack: html-tailwind (default)

### Step 2: Generate Design System (REQUIRED)

```bash
python3 .shared/ui-ux-pro-max/scripts/search.py "beauty spa wellness service elegant" --design-system -p "Serenity Spa"
```

**Output:** Complete design system with pattern, style, colors, typography, effects, and anti-patterns.

### Step 3: Supplement with Detailed Searches (as needed)

```bash
# Get UX guidelines for animation and accessibility
python3 .shared/ui-ux-pro-max/scripts/search.py "animation accessibility" --domain ux

# Get alternative typography options if needed
python3 .shared/ui-ux-pro-max/scripts/search.py "elegant luxury serif" --domain typography
```

### Step 4: Stack Guidelines

```bash
python3 .shared/ui-ux-pro-max/scripts/search.py "layout responsive form" --stack html-tailwind
```

**Then:** Synthesize design system + detailed searches and implement the design.

---

## Output Formats

The `--design-system` flag supports two output formats:

```bash
# ASCII box (default) - best for terminal display
python3 .shared/ui-ux-pro-max/scripts/search.py "fintech crypto" --design-system

# Markdown - best for documentation
python3 .shared/ui-ux-pro-max/scripts/search.py "fintech crypto" --design-system -f markdown
```

---

## Tips for Better Results

1. **Be specific with keywords** - "healthcare SaaS dashboard" > "app"
2. **Search multiple times** - Different keywords reveal different insights
3. **Combine domains** - Style + Typography + Color = Complete design system
4. **Always check UX** - Search "animation", "z-index", "accessibility" for common issues
5. **Use stack flag** - Get implementation-specific best practices
6. **Iterate** - If first search doesn't match, try different keywords

---

## Common Rules for Professional UI

These are frequently overlooked issues that make UI look unprofessional:

### Icons & Visual Elements

| Rule                       | Do                                              | Don't                                  |
| -------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------- |
| **No emoji icons**         | Use SVG icons (Heroicons, Lucide, Simple Icons) | Use emojis like 🎨 🚀 ⚙️ as UI icons   |
| **Stable hover states**    | Use color/opacity transitions on hover          | Use scale transforms that shift layout |
| **Correct brand logos**    | Research official SVG from Simple Icons         | Guess or use incorrect logo paths      |
| **Consistent icon sizing** | Use fixed viewBox (24x24) with w-6 h-6          | Mix different icon sizes randomly      |

### Interaction & Cursor

| Rule                   | Do                                                    | Don't                                        |
| ---------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------- |
| **Cursor pointer**     | Add `cursor-pointer` to all clickable/hoverable cards | Leave default cursor on interactive elements |
| **Hover feedback**     | Provide visual feedback (color, shadow, border)       | No indication element is interactive         |
| **Smooth transitions** | Use `transition-colors duration-200`                  | Instant state changes or too slow (>500ms)   |

### Light/Dark Mode Contrast

| Rule                      | Do                                  | Don't                                   |
| ------------------------- | ----------------------------------- | --------------------------------------- |
| **Glass card light mode** | Use `bg-white/80` or higher opacity | Use `bg-white/10` (too transparent)     |
| **Text contrast light**   | Use `#0F172A` (slate-900) for text  | Use `#94A3B8` (slate-400) for body text |
| **Muted text light**      | Use `#475569` (slate-600) minimum   | Use gray-400 or lighter                 |
| **Border visibility**     | Use `border-gray-200` in light mode | Use `border-white/10` (invisible)       |

### Layout & Spacing

| Rule                     | Do                                  | Don't                                  |
| ------------------------ | ----------------------------------- | -------------------------------------- |
| **Floating navbar**      | Add `top-4 left-4 right-4` spacing  | Stick navbar to `top-0 left-0 right-0` |
| **Content padding**      | Account for fixed navbar height     | Let content hide behind fixed elements |
| **Consistent max-width** | Use same `max-w-6xl` or `max-w-7xl` | Mix different container widths         |

---

## Pre-Delivery Checklist

Before delivering UI code, verify these items:

### Visual Quality

- [ ] No emojis used as icons (use SVG instead)
- [ ] All icons from consistent icon set (Heroicons/Lucide)
- [ ] Brand logos are correct (verified from Simple Icons)
- [ ] Hover states don't cause layout shift
- [ ] Use theme colors directly (bg-primary) not var() wrapper

### Interaction

- [ ] All clickable elements have `cursor-pointer`
- [ ] Hover states provide clear visual feedback
- [ ] Transitions are smooth (150-300ms)
- [ ] Focus states visible for keyboard navigation

### Light/Dark Mode

- [ ] Light mode text has sufficient contrast (4.5:1 minimum)
- [ ] Glass/transparent elements visible in light mode
- [ ] Borders visible in both modes
- [ ] Test both modes before delivery

### Layout

- [ ] Floating elements have proper spacing from edges
- [ ] No content hidden behind fixed navbars
- [ ] Responsive at 375px, 768px, 1024px, 1440px
- [ ] No horizontal scroll on mobile

### Accessibility

- [ ] All images have alt text
- [ ] Form inputs have labels
- [ ] Color is not the only indicator
- [ ] `prefers-reduced-motion` respected

Commit message:

feat: introduce CRM leads management, Moltbot chatbot functionality, and initiate TanStack Router migration.

.agent/workflows/ui-ux-pro-max.md, after:

---
description: Comprehensive design guide for web and mobile applications.
---

# ui-ux-pro-max

Comprehensive design guide for web and mobile applications. Contains 50+ styles, 97 color palettes, 57 font pairings, 99 UX guidelines, and 25 chart types across 9 technology stacks. Searchable database with priority-based recommendations.

## Prerequisites

Check if Python is installed:

```bash
python3 --version || python --version
```

If Python is not installed, install it based on user's OS:

**macOS:**

```bash
brew install python3
```

**Ubuntu/Debian:**

```bash
sudo apt update && sudo apt install python3
```

**Windows:**

```powershell
winget install Python.Python.3.12
```

---

## How to Use This Workflow

When user requests UI/UX work (design, build, create, implement, review, fix, improve), follow this workflow:

### Step 1: Analyze User Requirements

Extract key information from user request:

- **Product type**: SaaS, e-commerce, portfolio, dashboard, landing page, etc.
- **Style keywords**: minimal, playful, professional, elegant, dark mode, etc.
- **Industry**: healthcare, fintech, gaming, education, etc.
- **Stack**: React, Vue, Next.js, or default to `html-tailwind`

### Step 2: Generate Design System (REQUIRED)

**Always start with `--design-system`** to get comprehensive recommendations with reasoning:

```bash
python3 .shared/ui-ux-pro-max/scripts/search.py "<product_type> <industry> <keywords>" --design-system [-p "Project Name"]
```

This command:

1. Searches 5 domains in parallel (product, style, color, landing, typography)
2. Applies reasoning rules from `ui-reasoning.csv` to select best matches
3. Returns complete design system: pattern, style, colors, typography, effects
4. Includes anti-patterns to avoid

**Example:**

```bash
python3 .shared/ui-ux-pro-max/scripts/search.py "beauty spa wellness service" --design-system -p "Serenity Spa"
```

### Step 2b: Persist Design System (Master + Overrides Pattern)

To save the design system for hierarchical retrieval across sessions, add `--persist`:

```bash
python3 .shared/ui-ux-pro-max/scripts/search.py "<query>" --design-system --persist -p "Project Name"
```

This creates:

- `design-system/MASTER.md` — Global Source of Truth with all design rules
- `design-system/pages/` — Folder for page-specific overrides

**With page-specific override:**

```bash
python3 .shared/ui-ux-pro-max/scripts/search.py "<query>" --design-system --persist -p "Project Name" --page "dashboard"
```

This also creates:

- `design-system/pages/dashboard.md` — Page-specific deviations from Master

**How hierarchical retrieval works:**

1. When building a specific page (e.g., "Checkout"), first check `design-system/pages/checkout.md`
2. If the page file exists, its rules **override** the Master file
3. If not, use `design-system/MASTER.md` exclusively

### Step 3: Supplement with Detailed Searches (as needed)

After getting the design system, use domain searches to get additional details:

```bash
python3 .shared/ui-ux-pro-max/scripts/search.py "<keyword>" --domain <domain> [-n <max_results>]
```

**When to use detailed searches:**

| Need                  | Domain       | Example                                 |
| --------------------- | ------------ | --------------------------------------- |
| More style options    | `style`      | `--domain style "glassmorphism dark"`   |
| Chart recommendations | `chart`      | `--domain chart "real-time dashboard"`  |
| UX best practices     | `ux`         | `--domain ux "animation accessibility"` |
| Alternative fonts     | `typography` | `--domain typography "elegant luxury"`  |
| Landing structure     | `landing`    | `--domain landing "hero social-proof"`  |

### Step 4: Stack Guidelines (Default: html-tailwind)

Get implementation-specific best practices. If user doesn't specify a stack, **default to `html-tailwind`**.

```bash
python3 .shared/ui-ux-pro-max/scripts/search.py "<keyword>" --stack html-tailwind
```

Available stacks: `html-tailwind`, `react`, `nextjs`, `vue`, `svelte`, `swiftui`, `react-native`, `flutter`, `shadcn`, `jetpack-compose`
, `jetpack-compose`

---

## Search Reference

### Available Domains

| Domain       | Use For                              | Example Keywords                                         |
| ------------ | ------------------------------------ | -------------------------------------------------------- |
| `product`    | Product type recommendations         | SaaS, e-commerce, portfolio, healthcare, beauty, service |
| `style`      | UI styles, colors, effects           | glassmorphism, minimalism, dark mode, brutalism          |
| `typography` | Font pairings, Google Fonts          | elegant, playful, professional, modern                   |
| `color`      | Color palettes by product type       | saas, ecommerce, healthcare, beauty, fintech, service    |
| `landing`    | Page structure, CTA strategies       | hero, hero-centric, testimonial, pricing, social-proof   |
| `chart`      | Chart types, library recommendations | trend, comparison, timeline, funnel, pie                 |
| `ux`         | Best practices, anti-patterns        | animation, accessibility, z-index, loading               |
| `react`      | React/Next.js performance            | waterfall, bundle, suspense, memo, rerender, cache       |
| `web`        | Web interface guidelines             | aria, focus, keyboard, semantic, virtualize              |
| `prompt`     | AI prompts, CSS keywords             | (style name)                                             |

### Available Stacks

| Stack             | Focus                                                 |
| ----------------- | ----------------------------------------------------- |
| `html-tailwind`   | Tailwind utilities, responsive, a11y (DEFAULT)        |
| `react`           | State, hooks, performance, patterns                   |
| `react-native`    | Components, Navigation, Lists                         |
| `shadcn`          | shadcn/ui components, theming, forms, patterns        |

---

## Example Workflow

**User request:** "Làm landing page cho dịch vụ chăm sóc da chuyên nghiệp"

### Step 1: Analyze Requirements

- Product type: Beauty/Spa service
- Style keywords: elegant, professional, soft
- Industry: Beauty/Wellness
- Stack: html-tailwind (default)

### Step 2: Generate Design System (REQUIRED)

```bash
python3 .shared/ui-ux-pro-max/scripts/search.py "beauty spa wellness service elegant" --design-system -p "Serenity Spa"
```

**Output:** Complete design system with pattern, style, colors, typography, effects, and anti-patterns.

### Step 3: Supplement with Detailed Searches (as needed)

```bash
# Get UX guidelines for animation and accessibility
python3 .shared/ui-ux-pro-max/scripts/search.py "animation accessibility" --domain ux

# Get alternative typography options if needed
python3 .shared/ui-ux-pro-max/scripts/search.py "elegant luxury serif" --domain typography
```

### Step 4: Stack Guidelines

```bash
python3 .shared/ui-ux-pro-max/scripts/search.py "layout responsive form" --stack html-tailwind
```

**Then:** Synthesize design system + detailed searches and implement the design.

---

## Output Formats

The `--design-system` flag supports two output formats:

```bash
# ASCII box (default) - best for terminal display
python3 .shared/ui-ux-pro-max/scripts/search.py "fintech crypto" --design-system

# Markdown - best for documentation
python3 .shared/ui-ux-pro-max/scripts/search.py "fintech crypto" --design-system -f markdown
```

---

## Tips for Better Results

1. **Be specific with keywords** - "healthcare SaaS dashboard" > "app"
2. **Search multiple times** - Different keywords reveal different insights
3. **Combine domains** - Style + Typography + Color = Complete design system
4. **Always check UX** - Search "animation", "z-index", "accessibility" for common issues
5. **Use stack flag** - Get implementation-specific best practices
6. **Iterate** - If first search doesn't match, try different keywords

---

## Common Rules for Professional UI

These are frequently overlooked issues that make UI look unprofessional:

### Icons & Visual Elements

| Rule                       | Do                                              | Don't                                  |
| -------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------- |
| **No emoji icons**         | Use SVG icons (Heroicons, Lucide, Simple Icons) | Use emojis like 🎨 🚀 ⚙️ as UI icons   |
| **Stable hover states**    | Use color/opacity transitions on hover          | Use scale transforms that shift layout |
| **Correct brand logos**    | Research official SVG from Simple Icons         | Guess or use incorrect logo paths      |
| **Consistent icon sizing** | Use fixed viewBox (24x24) with w-6 h-6          | Mix different icon sizes randomly      |

### Interaction & Cursor

| Rule                   | Do                                                    | Don't                                        |
| ---------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------- |
| **Cursor pointer**     | Add `cursor-pointer` to all clickable/hoverable cards | Leave default cursor on interactive elements |
| **Hover feedback**     | Provide visual feedback (color, shadow, border)       | No indication element is interactive         |
| **Smooth transitions** | Use `transition-colors duration-200`                  | Instant state changes or too slow (>500ms)   |

### Light/Dark Mode Contrast

| Rule                      | Do                                  | Don't                                   |
| ------------------------- | ----------------------------------- | --------------------------------------- |
| **Glass card light mode** | Use `bg-white/80` or higher opacity | Use `bg-white/10` (too transparent)     |
| **Text contrast light**   | Use `#0F172A` (slate-900) for text  | Use `#94A3B8` (slate-400) for body text |
| **Muted text light**      | Use `#475569` (slate-600) minimum   | Use gray-400 or lighter                 |
| **Border visibility**     | Use `border-gray-200` in light mode | Use `border-white/10` (invisible)       |

### Layout & Spacing

| Rule                     | Do                                  | Don't                                  |
| ------------------------ | ----------------------------------- | -------------------------------------- |
| **Floating navbar**      | Add `top-4 left-4 right-4` spacing  | Stick navbar to `top-0 left-0 right-0` |
| **Content padding**      | Account for fixed navbar height     | Let content hide behind fixed elements |
| **Consistent max-width** | Use same `max-w-6xl` or `max-w-7xl` | Mix different container widths         |

---

## Pre-Delivery Checklist

Before delivering UI code, verify these items:

### Visual Quality

- [ ] No emojis used as icons (use SVG instead)
- [ ] All icons from consistent icon set (Heroicons/Lucide)
- [ ] Brand logos are correct (verified from Simple Icons)
- [ ] Hover states don't cause layout shift
- [ ] Use theme colors directly (bg-primary) not var() wrapper

### Interaction

- [ ] All clickable elements have `cursor-pointer`
- [ ] Hover states provide clear visual feedback
- [ ] Transitions are smooth (150-300ms)
- [ ] Focus states visible for keyboard navigation

### Light/Dark Mode

- [ ] Light mode text has sufficient contrast (4.5:1 minimum)
- [ ] Glass/transparent elements visible in light mode
- [ ] Borders visible in both modes
- [ ] Test both modes before delivery

### Layout

- [ ] Floating elements have proper spacing from edges
- [ ] No content hidden behind fixed navbars
- [ ] Responsive at 375px, 768px, 1024px, 1440px
- [ ] No horizontal scroll on mobile

### Accessibility

- [ ] All images have alt text
- [ ] Form inputs have labels
- [ ] Color is not the only indicator
- [ ] `prefers-reduced-motion` respected
